The IT professional we interviewed is Mr. Hans; his full name is Phung Van Hanh. He is the CTO (Chief Technology Officer) of DTN Software Solutions, an IT company specializing in providing eCommerce development solutions for customers worldwide, mainly in Europe. His company focuses on building e-commerce websites using Magento, an e-commerce platform written in PHP programming language and was acquired by Adobe in May 2018 [1].
1. What kind of work is done by the IT professional?
His company provides eCommerce solutions for customers, builds an ecosystem around Magento, an open-source platform for eCommerce websites. In addition to developing websites, they also create mobile apps, integrate online customer channels with other systems like ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning), POS (Point Of Sales), and support customers on marketing activities.
Therefore, as a Chief Technology Officer of a technological company, he handles those major areas:
●	Develop company technical stacks, keep them up to date with technology changes
●	Develop employees technical skills
●	Deploys, maintains business applications, services, and infrastructure
●	Monitors, optimizes, troubleshoots the performance of applications, services and infrastructure
●	Do technical lead, write boilerplate code, review code
Besides technical tasks, he also participates in general company management activities like interviewing candidates, reviewing employees annually, building a company learning culture.
2. What kinds of people does the IT professional interact with? Are they other IT professionals? Clients? Investors? The general public?
He interacts with a variety of people at work. Because he is a tech lead, he primarily interacts with the developers. He helps them come up with solutions for their problems, reviews their code, and trains them. Besides that, he also works with the project management and quality assurance teams to discuss projects timeline, working quality, human resources, etc. Last but not least, he also joins with the BA (Business Analysis) team to work directly with the clients in clarifying their business requirements, so his company can provide appropriate solutions for their needs.
In terms of his interaction with other IT professionals, he likes watching videos and reading their blog posts to acquire new skills. Moreover, he also wants to share his knowledge with others in the same ways. Therefore, he has his personal blog for this, where he posts things about Magento, website technologies and DevOps. To attract more people to see his blog, he usually shares posts on programming groups on Facebook or Twitter. He finds that Twitter is a pretty good place where IT professionals can learn new things from others, keep them up to date with technology changes in their fields, as well as share their knowledge.
His role does not require him to contact the general public. His company only provides eCommerce solutions for clients, and those customers are the people who are responsible for managing their web as well as communicating with users - the general public.
3. Where do the IT professionals spend most of their time?
He said that he spent the most time reviewing code and setting up a working environment at the company's office. He always prioritizes achieving high coding quality to deliver the best product quality to customers. He takes responsibility for many projects at a time, so reviewing code is the most critical and time-consuming part of his daily work. It usually takes him about 1 - 2 hours daily on this. His other tasks include setting up the working environment for each project, deploying websites, ensuring the team members have everything they need to focus on coding, and not having to worry about other problems.
4. What aspect of their position is most challenging?
In his opinion, the most challenging aspect is training people. Leading people means dealing with different personalities and abilities. He always has to find and understand how to develop an employee to their best version and improve their work skills to add more value to the company in the market. Technically, he thinks that there is no best way to work for everyone. Some may enjoy working with Frontend technologies like Javascript, CSS, React,... or some may find Backend or DevOps interesting. He identifies their strengths and gives them suggestions, training sessions, or courses so they can develop themself most effectively.  
In addition, interacting with clients is another aspect he finds challenging. He must fill the gap between business people and the technical team because they usually have misunderstandings. As a technical person, he also needs to understand how customer business works, not only online eCommerce, but also many problems around it, like marketing tools, order management process, stock management, SEO, or any other system.
